I am Michael Krasowski from Pluralsight.
I will be presenting the module The Technical
Business Analyst in the Agile World,
in the course The Technical Business Analyst.
Let's get started.
The technical business analyst can and should play a valuable and
beneficial role in agile and Scrum activities,
adding value to the end product.
In this module,
I will discuss the myriad of activities the technical
BA can and should be involved with.
Here are the topics for this module.
Agile foundation and participants, making the case for the agile technical BA,
the technical BA and the agile development team,
and lastly the technical BA and the product owner.
Okay, great. Let's get started.